---
layout: post
---

Welp, since I last wrote I've had another two job interviews and had no luck! I've got another one today, but methinks this will be my last chance of employment before the end of the summer so let's hope it goes well... I'm not sure if I just keep getting unlucky, or if it's because I'm vaguely autistic or have blue hair or people think I'm overqualified or whatever. It's pretty disheartening, and it doesn't help that I've completely failed to learn to drive again this summer and also don't really have any friends left at home. There's a couple of people who have been in contact but largely my old friend groups are broken up and scattered. It's pretty lonely being back here.

Furthermore, my mum tested positive for covid last night. We're hoping that nobody else got it but if I do have it again I'm gonna have to resign myself to another four months of nonstop coughing. This would be the fourth time I get covid. So fingers crossed I don't get it! I was only recently diagnosed with a chronic condition which would put me at high risk, which would explain why I got it so badly last time, but hopefully the fact that it's now being treated will make my life a little easier if I do get it. It's been difficult to not think about the initial pandemic years, what with me being functionally stuck in the house and having to take on a leadership role in a household of people with various anxieties and ideosyncracies which don't gel well with that kind of deal.

On the plus side... well. I'm trying to think positive. I've given myself the challenge of creating a period app which would be more useful to me than Clue because Clue no longer sends reminders and I don't like any of the other ones. That should be a lot of fun! I also have the opportunity to do a lot of reading for the rest of the summer if I can get my act together. I'm really enjoying the Left Hand of Darkness by Ursula K Le Guin at the minute, and maybe I'll even get around to finishing it! So it's not all bad. And it's only six weeks ish until I get to go back to uni. I stopped myself from typing home there, but frankly it is home to me now. This is my home, and also uni is my home and where I'm happiest. I'll get to live in a flat with my friends and row again and it'll be great! Just gotta survive another month and a half.

I hope the rest of you are having a nicer summer than me, and I hope the weather gets warm again soon too. Not enjoying this overcast mugginess! Maybe I'll go to the gym later and see if I can squat anything heavier than 30kg without hurting my shoulders. That should be fun.

Blue