---
layout: post
---

In true bluescreening tradition, I'm opening this blog entry with the phrase "it's been a while". And indeed it has! Over five months in fact. Those months have been spent frantically doing uni work and extracurriculars, and bullying my lovely girlfriend into teaching me what exactly a static site generator is and how to use one. As such, this website is now proudly generated by Jekyll and hosted on GitHub Pages. It also, as you will have noticed, has a shiny new custom URL which I have purchased with real money because the email blue@bluescreen.ing is too good to pass up. I'm even typing this into VSCode rather than into Neocities' online HTML code editor which feels like quite the upgrade! I'm planning on writing a full article on Webdev For Dummies, or at least one that explains how this dummy has managed to run a website, so look forward to that. 

So what have I been up to in the interim? Well, quite a lot and not much at the same time. It turns out that holding a committee position in a society while doing more degree work than your degree is designed for is acutally rather challenging, so wrangling that has been first and foremost in my mind for a few months. I haven't been rowing because the weather saw me using it as a coping mechanism and decided that in my time of need it would be from my life untimely ripped - which is a stupid way of saying it rained a lot. Between juggling my own morale and the club's I've kinda failed to keep up either. But that's alright, it's done now and the summer is fast approaching. I'm enjoying the longer and slightly warmer days. Might go for a run or something tomorrow - so long as I feel better considering I was so stressed I made myself physically ill! Oops! Anyway, having the direct pressure of termtime off my shoulders is a big help. I feel happier already. And more inclined to exercise.

Today I went on a small venture to the shops to buy a plant pot for Patricia the pitcher plant after a friend fell off her bike and dropped her. Said friend was significantly more worried about the plant than the blood covering her face, which was sweet but really not the most important thing in that situation. After returning home I descaled the kettle like an actual adult doing chores, and have since been working on a revision timetable. I've been using Obsidian a lot to keep me organised in these trying times, and it's been a complete godsend. I have two vaults: one with all my bio course notes linked together which I am greatly expanding on over the next couple of weeks, and another which is essentially a collection of to-do lists so I don't forget things as much. COVID scrungled my brain a bit when it comes to memory so this has been a brilliant way to overcome that and get back to maximum productivity.

Speaking of, I just got distracted trying to add stuff to my webdev to do list, so I'm going to call this entry here. But it's been nice writing again! I'm not going to promise to be more regular because we both know I'd be lying, but hopefully this new site layout lets me write more frequently.

Love,
Blue