---
layout: post
---

Good morning sweethearts! I know I say this literally every entry, but it's been a while! I haven't been feeling particularly website-y recently, I guess. Got other things to focus on - such as preparing for university! Everyone's organising last-minute hangouts before we all jet off to different cities. I've even popped down to London (I say popped, like it was easy. That was a coach journey from hell.) with a friend of mine to meet up with their online friend and go to the Tate Modern, which was pretty cool! We took a quick detour to Soho so I could play on a proper Taiko no Tatsujin machine for the first time. That was truly awesome, plus it looks like my epic gamer skills carry over to the real deal pretty well! I wish I had more time to play on it.

Yesterday I went to a fancy Oxford freshers meetup at an art gallery of all places, and then immediately afterwards went to literally the worst concert of my life. So finding an outfit that would work for both of those things was a little tricky. The weird thing about this gig was that literally everyone I've ever met was there. It's a very stark reminder that there are a very limited number of punk queer kids in this small gentrified city, so we all know each other and keep showing up to the same thing by accident. I keep doing all these very adulty things like Going Out and going to Different Cities, which is really quite scary because it's reminding me that soon I will be going to a Different City for several weeks on end and am expected to be able to take care of myself for that time period.

Oh yeah, and I'm 19 now, which is terrifying. 19 year olds are adults. My birthday cake had Sonic the Hedgehog on it.

Speaking of my birthday, I need to go prepare for my grandparents to come over because it is time for the Mandatory Grandparent Visit. And then I need to organise nights out slash coffee shop visits with 700 different people who are all going to different universities. See ya!

Blue