---
layout: post
---
Working full time sucks BALLS.

Honestly just tempted to leave today's entry at just that, but I really shouldn't considering I haven't updated since last month. And honestly, the work isn't that bad! It's management that's awful. Never work at a summer camp, kids. I have been messed around, sent to different sites with less than a day's notice, been promoted to manager against my will, mansplained to, etc etc. I don't want to type out the whole thing because frankly I think that would require a novel. But I'm not quitting. Not because it's good money - it's not - but because if I quit now I'll need to find someone who wants to hire me for a month and a half. Which just isn't going to happen considering I couldn't find a job for a few months at the start of summer.

To be honest, working at a camp is pretty rewarding anyway. Being able to help kids learn and supporting them is pretty fun, even if I'm not particularly a children person. I'm just very much looking forward to it being over and done with. 2 more weeks, if scheduling hasn't been messed up. Then I'm off on another Mandatory Family Holiday.

On my way to and from work, which is over an hour each way, I've been reading the IDW Sonic the Hedgehog comics. These have quickly become my favourite piece of Sonic media and I'm anxiously awaiting issue #52, or the annual, whichever comes first. I'm probably going to grab myself a subscription once my second paycheque comes in. But I'll write about exactly why I like it in a review post at some point.

I'm also planning a BBQ tomorrow, so that's nice.

To be honest I don't have much else to write about, so I'll leave you to it. Just wanted to drop a quick update. Peace and love, and don't forget to say hi on the Bluescreen forum (update 2024-03-06: does not exist anymore - sorry)!

Blue